>> Lydia: And
this is kind of just the last section.
I didn't know how to categorize
some of these questions, so
this is just miscellaneous
JavaScript stuff.
Which method will return the value
"Hello World" and we have a map, and
we set a key in that map equal
to the myFfunc function "Hello
World",
>> Lydia: On
the right-hand side here is B,
it is myMap.get function.
Because a map, the key is just to
get a reference to that object, so
whenever we set it, we're setting it
equal to that reference to that object.
So because it is strongly referenced,
I'm just going to do this.
So we can do myMap.get myFunc, but
of course we can also say const
anotherVariable = myFunc.
So what we're saying here is we're
just setting the reference equal.
So of course here, we can also just do,
myMap.get(anotherVariable).
And then we'll also just get it,
cuz it's about the reference, right?
But we cannot just get it with a new
function, even if it's the same function,
cuz that would just be a new reference and
that's not equal to this key.
We just need to get this reference.
>> Lydia: Cool.
>> Lydia: Keep doing this, anyway,
what does the person object look
like after executing the script?
So we have a person,
>> Lydia: Yeah,
we have a person then we have
Object.freeze(person), a personProxy,
resetting it, and then we change
the personProxy.name = "Sarah".
PersonProxy.address.city = "Paris",
and then we're logging the person.
>> Lydia: The right answer here is C,
it is Jane and the address is Paris.
So what we have here is we have
a regular person object, and
then we're freezing that person object.
But when we do object.freeze,
we're only freezing the direct properties,
or it's a shallow freeze, right?
So we're freezing name.Jane,
so we cannot modify or
add any values to person, but
any references to other objects, so
like city Amsterdam,
>> Lydia: Will get modified.
>> Lydia: One second, let me just
check with something real quick.
>> Lydia: I'm wondering if Jane Perez,
yeah, okay, never mind.
So when we're creating the new Proxy with
reflect, it's essentially pointing it to
a new object and not to the frozen
object that we just used.
So whenever we set person
proxy name to Sarah and
we can use proxies to interact
with an object through a proxy.
So whenever we modify a value,
whenever we wanna get a value,
it goes through the proxy,
in this case, we just have set.
So whenever we modify a value,
it goes through that proxy.
So we're setting name to Sarah,
that's fine.
We're using a new object here,
because we froze it, and it is shallow,
we cannot change the name,
so I was right anyway.
And because we're using the proxy,
we're not spreading person.
We are using the same frozen object or
we're pointing to the same frozen object.
Even though we're saying name is Sarah,
it won't change anything,
cuz we just froze that shallow property,
so it'll keep pointing to Jane.
But because the deeper object, so
address city, it doesn't get frozen,
cuz it's just a shallow freeze.
So whenever we change that to Paris,
it's fine.
Now, something that's also important to
remember, so if we used use strict here,
it would have thrown that error.
So let's see if we have anything,
that's fine here.
If we use, use strict,
This is actually different,
but anyway, so if you're trying to
change a property on a frozen object and
you're using use strict, so
I'm just gonna use strict.
Yeah, so when we're using use strict, it
will actually say, cannot add property B,
because the object is not extensible.
But if we omit the use strict or
we use it outside of a module,
it won't add anything, but
it also won't show you any errors.
So you may not be aware that it was
frozen, that it was not modifiable.
We actually probably see that here,
cuz what will the output be if
this code is executed in a module?
So we are freezing named John,
we're changing it to Jane, so
what will the name?
Or what will get logged if we log name?
>> Lydia: Yeah, so
the answer is TypeError,
because it's executed in a module and
so it's implicitly using use strict, so
we're trying to modify a frozen object,
it won't work, TypeError.
If it wasn't in a module,
it would have been fine.
Question 41, we're almost there,
which method should we use so
it logs name Lydia and age 25?
Is it entries, values,
fromEntries, forEach, or keys?
>> Lydia: And
the right answer here is fromEntries.
Let's see if I have that open in VS code,
just to show you what
the other methods do.
So we have missed,
I forgot which, 41, actually,
let's open this in integrated terminal.
No index.js, yeah, so
entries is like a double array.
So first we have the index, and then
name Lydia, that's not what we wanted.
We wanted this fromEntries, which is
the right one, and the forEach won't even
work, I had to comment it out, because
we cannot use forEach on an object.
So that's just completely wrong,
otherwise, I'll throw an error.
Yeah, here we have the keys, yeah,
keys in the an object that we create
with a map that we want it fromEntries.
All right, question 42, what gets logged?
So we have an array at 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
We splice it, we concatenate 6,
then we slice it, 1, 0, and
then we delete array or
the first element in the array.
So what is the length of the array after,
>> Lydia: Invoking all these methods on
the arrays, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
>> Lydia: All right,
the right answer here is 2.
So what happens is we first array.splice,
so that modifies the existing array.
So in that case after invoking splice,
the array is now 1 and 2,
that we concatenate 6, but
that doesn't modify the original array.
And always remember splice the P for
permanent,
it permanently changes the array, but
for concat, it doesn't do anything.
I mean, it creates like a new array
with that concatenated to it, but
array doesn't get modified.
Then we have slice, the same thing,
it creates a new array based on how we
slice it, but it doesn't modify the
original array, so it's still length two.
And then we delete the first
element in the array.
And we can use it, it's fine, it'll return
true, but it'll leave an empty slot,
because doing that, it won't actually
change the length of the array.
If we wanna remove an element from the
array, we have to use splice, or filter,
stuff like that, but
it'll create an empty slot.
And arrays with a lot of empty slots
are also called sparse arrays,
that's why the length is still 2,
because it just has that empty slot,
cuz we use delete instead of splice
to get rid of that first element.
So, yeah, don't remove array
elements with the delete keyword,
if you don't want empty slots.
>> Lydia: All right,
question 43, what gets logged?
We have a config, we have languages,
and then we'll use a set language
that returns this.language.push(lang)
that we set out with.
So we wanna console.log(config.language),
what gets returned?
Is it an array with "Dutch"?
Is it an empty array?
Is it 0, undefined, or ReferenceError?
>> Lydia: The right answer
is D it's undefined and
that is because of the set
keyword that we're using here.
And we can use a like sets or get,
setters or getters to add additional
functionality if we're like adding
a property or like changing it.
So whenever we log this, you can
see that we just have languages and
then set is like grayed out.
But we can use this to be like that
languages is or that language is Dutch.
So this essentially say like okay
the language will be passed here is what
we are setting it to.
And that's fine, but
we don't have a getter.
So whenever we do config.language and
we don't do anything with it,
it is undefined.
And this would be different if we had,
if we change this to get.
Sorry, I know the indentation
is really bad here.
Let me just fix it a bit.
>> Lydia: Sorry, get language.
Well, anyway, if we change the set to get,
then it wouldn't have been undefined.
But we're only using it as set, so we can
only use the language function here to
change the property that
we just did with Dutch.
What I'm trying to go back here.
This is setting it, this is getting it.
And we didn't have a getter,
we had a setter so yeah.
I mean, you don't see this too often
anymore, like using getters and
setters in JavaScript.
>> Speaker 2: Shouldn't it be this string,
Dutch question 42.
>> Lydia: No,
because this is only a setter and
here we're logging config.language.
So this is like we're trying
to access the property and
not modify it by setting
it to something else.
So we can, I know it's for
like gets, get language and
then like you get language
without like invoking it and
then we can just say like return this
languages off first or whatever.
Or like find languages Dutch, whatever.
This will work like this will be fine but
then this one wouldn't work.
But then we can get up but
that's a getter not setter.
I think what he means, yeah, cuz like if
we didn't have this sets and then we have
config.language is Dutch and then we load
config.language that would have worked.
But because we have the setter here with
the same name of that property it will
invoke like the setter function.
And not just create a new property called
language that we set equal to Dutch.
So yeah, It's only if you have a setter
with the same name as that property that
you're trying to access.
Question 44, what gets logged?
So we have an object with team and
it has a members property with
an array of a couple members.
And we map over them and
then we invoke the getInfo
function on each of the member.
And we have info, nullish coalescing
with city and otherwise it logs unknown.
So in this case, what gets logged?
A, B, C, D, or E.
>> Lydia: All right, so
the right answer here is answer D, Boston,
unknown, Boston, unknown.
So we have the nullish coalescing
operator, the double question mark, and
this one returns its right-hand operand
when the left-hand operand is null or
undefined.
Logical AND, which returns the value
of the first operand if its falsy and
OR if the first operand of its truthy.
Here we're using the nullish coalescing.
So here we're essentially
saying undefined or
Boston because Info.street is undefined or
Boston.
So this returns the right-hand operand
if it's undefined because we're using
a nullish coalesce or coalescing.
So this is Boston or undefined, so
it'll return the first truthy value,
which is Boston.
The next one, we're seeing an empty
string cuz string is empty or Boston.
Well, in that case, it's just the empty
string because the right hand value isn't
null or undefined so it'll just return
the first operand, the left hand operand.
And then we have the logical OR and
this will return the first truthy value,
but an empty string is a falsy value so
this returns unknown.
Next one, we have null or Boston.
Well the first one is null but this
returns Boston and then we have Boston or
unknown while Boston is truthy so
it will return Boston.
And this one is all null so
this will be undefined or undefined.
Well, that's both undefined.
Undefined does falsy or
unknown so this returns unknown.
So we have Boston, unknown, Boston,
unknown
>> Lydia: All right, question 45.
Match the code to the correct
error it would throw.
So we have a new array -1,
25.toString, reduce, const a and
then b equals c and a so
undefined c is 12 or const a, b is 1.
And then we're console logging a with
another nullish coalescing 1 or b.
And I have a type or a ReferenceError,
TypeError, SyntaxError, RangeError or
no error gets thrown.
>> Lydia: All right, so the right answer
here is that new array -1 is a RangeError
because we're creating a new array and
the argument that we pass is the length of
the array but
we cannot have a negative length.
So this would throw a RangeError.
Then we have 25.toString SyntaxError
because we're using a single dot and
we just saw that we have to use a double
dot if we're using two-string on a number.
Reduce throws a TypeError because we're
trying to add the accumulator and
the current value but we're not
initializing it with the initial value.
So maybe I can just,
question 45, you can also
see that VScode will tell you like,
this isn't great.
But if we wanted this to work,
we should have added the initial
value with the empty array.
Cuz otherwise we're trying to
add stuff that doesn't exist.
Four is a ReferenceError because we're
setting b equal to c but what is c?
We haven't defined c, c doesn't exist.
So that throws the ReferenceError.
And five is perfectly fine.
We have you know, const a as an object and
then we're logging with the nullish
coalescing a if it exists and otherwise 1
or b but like we were not using that b.
46, match the date methods with
the correct values when invoked on
new Date ().
So we have toDateString,
toISOString, tolocaleDateString,
toUTCString or just toString.
To be honest,
every time I use dates in JavaScript,
I always have to look it
up because I always forget.
>> Lydia: All right, so for
this one it is A, B, E, D.
So toDateString() converts
the date portion of date
object into a readable string but
ignores the time part.
Then we have toISOString() that
just uses that ISO format.
The long one that you'll see quite often.
Then we have toLocaleDateString() converts
that date into a string using the look
how specific formatting.
UTC is just UTC time zone, so the British
time zone, without daylight savings,
and then toString() is just into a string,
typically default format, yeah.
Yeah, you just gotta try it out
until you get what you want or
use the international
API to work with times.
All right, almost there.
Question 47, what gets logged?
So we have A, B, C, D and we have
some default parameters here as well.
A is null, B is undefined,
C is False and D is 0.
Is it null, undefined, false, 0?
Null, default, false, 0?
Only default or default,
default, false, 0?
>> Lydia: All right, so the right
answer is null, default, false, 0.
So default parameters are used if
null value or undefined is passed but
the first one where you're passing null.
So it is a value it's not null value and
it's not undefined so we're using null.
And for b, it is undefined so
in that case it uses default.
But for everything else, if we have false
and 0 it will just use false and 0.
So it's only if null value or undefined.
>> Lydia: Cool.
Next question, symbols, what gets logged?
We have symbolOne, Two, and Three.
Then we're just strictly comparing them,
so
which ones are strictly equal and
which ones aren't.
Note that for symbolTwo we're not using
symbol.for, we're creating a new symbol.
>> Lydia: All right, the right answer here
is D, it's false, false, true, and false.
So something to remember is that we're
using symbol.for it checks if the symbol
with that key already exists
in the global symbol registry.
And if it does, then it just returns
that existing symbol, and otherwise,
it creates a new symbol.
And that is different
from just using symbol,
cuz that always creates
a new unique symbol.
Also something to keep in mind is that
a global registry works across modules.
So even if we export symbol.for key,
and we use that in another module,
it will still reuse that same symbol.
It's like another thing in the JavaScript
engine that just keeps all these
symbols there.
So yeah, when comparing them,
symbol.for, equal symbol.for.
That is true cuz it just reuses
that existing symbol, but
when it's using symbol without for,
it creates a new one every time.
So that's false.
And we can use symbols to make sure that,
if we have multiple values in the same
namespace that it doesn't clash,
stuff like that, properties on objects.
>> Lydia: Yeah,
when comparing one to two, well,
that is false cuz we're creating
a new symbol for symbolTwo.
Same goes for the second one.
SymbolTwo is a new symbol.
SymbolOne and symbolThree are the same,
because we're using symbol.for.
So symbolThree is just
reusing that same symbol,
cuz it was already in the global registry,
and symbolThree equals the new symbol key
is also false cuz that creates a new,
unique symbol.
Yeah, question 49, what gets logged?
So we have to compare users function
that receives both user1 and user2.
And we have a default argument
that goes back for user2.
And then we have a user object, and
then we're comparing users three times.
So what gets logged?
>> Lydia: The right answer here is B,
it is false, true, false.
So what we have here for
the first one is we have compareUsers
that points to the function objects.
And we have the user object,
that's a new object in memory.
And then the compare user's lexical
environment has both the user1 and
user2 arguments that we passed.
And user1 points the error
should go to the user object.
But user2, cuz we're spreading it,
we're creating a new object.
So this is new object in memory.
So when we compare them strictly,
it is false.
They both are references to
different points of memory.
>> Lydia: The next one is true.
Again, the user1 arrow should
go to the user object because it
defaults back to user and
we didn't pass a value for user2.
So the default parameter was user, so that
both point to the same object in memory.
So when comparing them equally, it is
true cuz they have the same reference.
>> Lydia: And then, comparing users again.
So here, we're just creating
two entirely new objects.
We're not even using that user object that
we created in that declarative environment
record.
So these are, again,
two separate objects in memory.
So when comparing them it's false,
cuz they both have different references
to different spaces in memory.
>> Lydia: Cool, very last question.
We have a tagged literal, so what gets
logged, when we invoked the thankYouTag?
Well, this is the last question and
the greeting.
>> Lydia: All right,
the right answer is A.
So when using tagged template
literals like this, the very first
argument that we get is an array of all
the strings without the expressions.
So in this example, we have an array
of this is a less question,
then there's an expression that doesn't
get added to that first parameter,
and then there's another
part of the array.
And then all the other parameters or
arguments that the function receives
are just the expression, so in this
case greeting, but also just a string.
Yeah, so in this case, for this question,
when we have are greeting like this,
and this is a last question,
the very first one, strings,
is this is the last question.
And then there's another empty string just
because we have an expression as the last
part of the tagged template.
But then greeting is the value of
the first expression, and that is,
thank you for coming to my workshop.
So that is just equal to
that string non-numerate.